---
title: "#3 Whistler"
slug: "2023-9-20-3-whistler"
date: "2023-09-20"
author: "Stefan"
excerpt: 'Our stay in Whistler was a delightful blend of adventure and tranquillity, marking the third stop on our Canadian road trip. With the looming uncertainty of encountering a bear during our time in the wilderness, we decided to hire a guide for an epic hike up Blackcomb. The trail, ominously named "Hard Burn", tested our endurance, but the views and sense of accomplishment made every step worthwhile.'
categories:
  - 🇨🇦 Canada
  - 🌅 On the road
heroImage: "/images/road-trips/canada-2023/2023-09-17 10.04.33 Whistler_3000px.jpg"
heroImageAlt: "View of Whistler town"
status: published
---

Stop #3 | 16. September - 19. September | [Whistler RV Parks and Campgrounds](https://maps.app.goo.gl/1z4Z346rpgaHoH4R7)

## Our experience

Our stay in Whistler was a delightful blend of adventure and tranquillity, marking the third stop on our Canadian road trip. With the looming uncertainty of encountering a bear during our time in the wilderness, we decided to hire a guide for an epic hike up Blackcomb. The trail, ominously named "Hard Burn", tested our endurance, but the views and sense of accomplishment made every step worthwhile.

Whistler itself is a charming village, filled with the familiar shops characteristic of a ski resort. Its reputation as an outdoor hub for hiking and mountain biking is well-deserved, and we enjoyed exploring its quaint streets.

We opted for Whistler RV Parks and Campgrounds, which is beautifully integrated into the surrounding woods. The elevated setting provided a serene atmosphere and stunning evening vistas that we couldn't get enough of.

However, our experience was slightly tinged with mischief from the local wildlife. We unwittingly attracted some mice or chipmunks that feasted on our provisions during the night. The first evening was particularly startling when I mistook the sounds for a bear scratching at our door. My panic led to an abrupt wake-up for Kathrin, who managed to remain remarkably calm despite my terror. Although it seems amusing now, the moment was genuinely frightening.

Overall, Whistler offered a memorable combination of breathtaking scenery, outdoor escapades, and an unexpected twist of wildlife encounters, making it a highlight of our road trip.

## Photos

:::gallery
/images/road-trips/canada-2023/20230917_110001.jpeg
/images/road-trips/canada-2023/20230917_152223.jpeg
/images/road-trips/canada-2023/20230917_181847.jpeg
/images/road-trips/canada-2023/20230918_040216.jpeg
/images/road-trips/canada-2023/Whistler FS1_3000px.jpg
/images/road-trips/canada-2023/2023-09-18 10.52.01 Whistler_3000px.jpg
/images/road-trips/canada-2023/2023-09-18 18.55.19 Whistler_3000px.jpg
/images/road-trips/canada-2023/2023-09-18 19.05.51 Whistler_3000px.jpg
/images/road-trips/canada-2023/20230918_195400.jpeg
:::
